Update image documentation for static image (#25949)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-reference/next/image.md

<details>
  <summary><b>Version History</b></summary>

| Version   | Changes                                          |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------ |

> | `v11.0.0` | Static image support and blur placeholder added. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `v11.0.0` | Static image imports and `placeholder` prop added. |
```

Author: Also we added the 'blurDataURL' prop. I chose the initial wording because specifically mentioning static and both props was kind of throwing off the formatting.

Reviewer: Oh yeah almost forgot. We should mention all of those:

```
Added static imports for `src`. Added `placeholder` and  `blurDataURL` props.
```

Author: Done

```jsx
import Image from 'next/image'
import profilePic from '../me.png'

function Home() {
  return (
    <>
      <h1>My Homepage</h1>
      <Image

>         src={profilePic}

Reviewer 2: Should we show code examples of:

- Static Image
- Dynamic src (fetching from a CMS)
  - Manually adding blurDataURL example?

Reviewer: Perhaps, it could get busy.

We also need to update these pages:

https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/image-optimization
https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/static-file-serving

### src

> Can be either:
> 1) A statically imported image file, as in the example code above, or
> 2) A path to a remotely hosted image. This can be either an absolute URL,
>   or a relative path to be used with a [loader.](/docs/basic-features/image-optimization.md#loader)
> 
> This is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Required and must be one of the following:
1. A statically imported image file, as in the example code above, or
2. A path string. This can be either an absolute URL,
  or a relative path depending on the [loader](#loader).
```

Should only be used when the image is visible above the fold. Defaults to
`false`.

### placeholder

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A placeholder to use while the image is loading, possible values are `blur` or `empty`. Defaults to `empty`.
```

You're missing the intro with possible values and default value.

> Setting `placeholder="blur"` enables an automatic placeholder effect for the image, 
> which is rendered on the page until the image is fully loaded.
> 
> When `placeholder="blur"` is set on an image, a placeholder image is required. These are automatically generated for **statically imported** images only.
> If you wish to use `placeholder="blur"` with any other image, you must provide a value for 
> the [`blurDataURL` property](#blurdataurl).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `placeholder="blur"`, the `blurDataURL` will be used as the placeholder. If the `src` is from a static import, then `blurDataURL` will automatically be populated. If the `src` is a string, then you must provide the [`blurDataURL` property](#blurdataurl).
```

Should only be used when the image is visible above the fold. Defaults to
`false`.

### placeholder

Setting `placeholder="blur"` enables an automatic placeholder effect for the image, 
which is rendered on the page until the image is fully loaded.

> Blurry placeholder images are generated automatically for **statically imported** images.

Reviewer: This isn't true though, the user still needs to add `placeholder=blur`. 

cc @Joonpark13 @spanicker

Author: Sorry, maybe that's confusingly worded. The first line says that you have to enable `placeholder=blur` the second line is just that the generation happens automatically for static images. you have to do your own generation for other images. Let me see if I can rephrase

Author: Ok I reworded that--hopefully it's more clear.

If you wish to use `placeholder="blur"` with any other image, you must provide a value for 

> the [`blurDataURL` property](#blurDataURL).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [`blurDataURL` property](#blurdataurl).
```

[Learn more](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/img#attr-loading)

### blurDataURL

> A [data URL](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/Data_URIs) to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [Data URL](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/Data_URIs) to 
```

> be used as a placeholder image while the final image loads. Only has any effect when combined 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be used as a placeholder image before the `src` image successfully loads. Only takes effect when combined 
```
